# Paddle-My-Way
## 1. Introduction
### 1.1 Purpose
In this project a detailed review of the tour and travels management system. The main objective of this application is to provide best travel destinations for travelling based on the factors like no. of people, season, budget and various other factors.  Searching will be very easy as it asks the user to enter the details. At a single click the user will be able to fetch the required data.  This project will provide the relevant information about accommodation, mode of transportation and description about the places. This Paddle My Way (Tour & Travel) system will be helpful for people who are planning to travel.
### 1.2 Scope
The main scope of the project is described below
1. The project's main purpose is to give information about places which travelers want to visit and provide features to find nearby famous tourist spots, restaurants etc.
2. In this project we include exclusive features to give the best mode of transportation, no. of places to visit and budget calculation based on number of people and season chosen by the user.
3.It also includes extended features like updated information of the places, generating reviews based on the travel experience and photos uploaded by the user.
### 1.3 Overview
Our project is about travel planning where the user must sign up and then login to find budget-friendly places. Following the selection of the region, the user must specify the season, budget, departure date, and number of people. This application provides a list of places to visit along with the description of the place in that region. Based on the Wishlist of the travel i.e., amusement parks, museums, cruise tours etc total estimated budget for the travel will be calculated. This will also have features to add the mode of transport and accommodation details which will be redirected to the respective sites. The user can enter the booking details for the total trip. The user can also provide reviews of the places after their travel. The user will also be able to view their previous and upcoming travel bookings.
## 2. General Description
In our project, we are developing an IOS application where users need to sign up and then login to the application to find the budget friendly places. Once the user selects the region, they will need to select the season they are planning to travel, budget, date of departure and no. of people. Based on their requirements for the plan, the application will provide details like types of Transportation for the trip, best places to visit nearby, best season to visit the place, total no. of days of the plan, type of accommodation, nearby restaurants, and reviews of the places. The user will also be able to look at their past travel bookings, upcoming bookings.
